no olympic or technical
because it's a short period
it's common to hear everything a little
the turkey
toronto
with the tie
O
already roberto carlos
beck intuition is what I said
were trained in the document
abu
I have
I know what is worse than the worlds
to be champion I could very well be world champion
piloting
and I have pain
what did you see
all around the world
maybe it's the point with and it's all has to do with what I've been saying
tribute
it's a jump
but even with the title
and I eat
and everyone there
setubal
or conar
so when the minister
I called a lot
worse
almost
blair who gave the name of the tender
pt does not have much to explain
there would be no tumult
on Saturday
talking to comlurb at all
the group was a car bomb in times square
the body
on the stage
My look on her face
How cold is it?
the governor
dakar - stressed the attacker
among others pt
mourinho
hamburg
on the computer
what revolts
what good or good government
when a boat with the ramon a little ramon with the public
who had cut
the canopy ad
exp.
the one
corruption
little by little
otto
daniel in the world
the fleet milestones
or not
considered that the fact that the latest attack
why it is important is that every year it is recommended
upon completion of the quorum
rumors will die
violent
the public agency
the last one at the end of the unibanco tube, I do not
with a scope of the premium leya
not changed
with an audience
because
the pilot
what
in the complementary stage
the miguel bilateral